medicineName,manufacturer,saltComposition,packaging,price,storage,overview,usesBenefits,sideEffects,howToUse,drugWorks,safetyAdvice,missedDose,quickTips,interactionWithDrugs,patientConcerns,UserFeedback,FAQs
Paracetamol,Abbott,Paracetamol 500mg,Strip of 10 tablets,10,Store in a cool and dry place,Paracetamol is a pain reliever and fever reducer.,Used for the relief of mild to moderate pain and fever.,Nausea, vomiting, and allergic reactions are possible side effects.,Take 1-2 tablets every 4-6 hours as needed.,Paracetamol works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, which are chemicals that cause pain and inflammation.,Do not exceed the recommended dose. Avoid taking with alcohol.,If you miss a dose, take it as soon as possible. Do not take a double dose to make up for the missed one.,Do not take with other products that contain paracetamol.,Consult your doctor if you have liver or kidney problems.,"""This medicine worked great for my headache. I felt relief within 30 minutes."" - John","","","""
Ibuprofen,Pfizer,Ibuprofen 400mg,Strip of 10 tablets,20,Store in a cool and dry place,Ibuprofen is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that reduces pain, inflammation, and fever.,Used for the relief of mild to moderate pain, fever, and inflammation.,Nausea, stomach pain, and allergic reactions are possible side effects.,Take 1-2 tablets every 4-6 hours as needed.,Ibuprofen works by blocking the production of prostaglandins, which are chemicals that cause pain and inflammation.,Do not exceed the recommended dose. Avoid taking with alcohol.,If you miss a dose, take it as soon as possible. Do not take a double dose to make up for the missed one.,Do not take with other NSAIDs or blood thinners.,Consult your doctor if you have a history of stomach ulcers or bleeding disorders.,"""This medicine helped me with my back pain. I felt better within a few hours."" - Sarah","","","""
Amoxicillin,GlaxoSmithKline,Amoxicillin 500mg,Capsule of 10 capsules,50,Store in a cool and dry place,Amoxicillin is an antibiotic that fights bacterial infections.,Used for the treatment of various bacterial infections.,Nausea, diarrhea, and allergic reactions are possible side effects.,Take 1 capsule every 8 hours for the prescribed duration.,Amoxicillin works by inhibiting the growth and multiplication of bacteria.,Take the full course of treatment as prescribed.,If you miss a dose, take it as soon as possible. Do not take a double dose to make up for the missed one.,Do not take with other antibiotics or antacids.,Consult your doctor if you have a history of allergic reactions to antibiotics.,"""This medicine helped me recover from my sinus infection. I felt better within a few days."" - Tom","","","""
Lisinopril,AstraZeneca,Lisinopril 10mg,Strip of 10 tablets,100,Store in a cool and dry place,Lisinopril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor that lowers blood pressure and improves heart function.,Used for the treatment of high blood pressure and heart failure.,Dry cough, dizziness, and allergic reactions are possible side effects.,Take 1 tablet every day at the same time.,Lisinopril works by relaxing blood vessels and decreasing the workload on the heart.,Do not exceed the recommended dose. Avoid taking with alcohol.,If you miss a dose, take it as soon as possible. Do not take a double dose to make up for the missed one.,Do not take with other ACE inhibitors or potassium-sparing diuretics.,Consult your doctor if you have kidney problems or are pregnant.,"""This medicine helped me lower my blood pressure and improve my heart function. I feel much better now."" - Jane","","","""
Metformin,Novartis,Metformin 500mg,Strip of 10 tablets,50,Store in a cool and dry place,Metformin is an oral diabetes medicine that helps control blood sugar levels.,Used for the treatment of type 2 diabetes.,Nausea, diarrhea, and allergic reactions are possible side effects.,Take 1 tablet every day with food.,Metformin works by decreasing the amount of glucose produced by the liver and improving insulin sensitivity.,Do not exceed the recommended dose. Avoid taking with alcohol.,If you miss a dose, take it as soon as possible. Do not take a double dose to make up for the missedone.,Do not take with other diabetes medications or alcohol.,Consult your doctor if you have kidney problems or are pregnant.,"""This medicine helped me control my blood sugar levels and lose weight. I feel more energetic now."" - David","","","""
Ciprofloxacin,Bayer,Ciprofloxacin 500mg,Strip of 10 tablets,80,Store in a cool and dry place,Ciprofloxacin is an antibiotic that fights bacterial infections.,Used for the treatment of various bacterial infections.,Nausea, diarrhea, and allergic reactions are possible side effects.,Take 1 tablet every 12 hours for the prescribed duration.,Ciprofloxacin works by inhibiting the growth and multiplication of bacteria.,Take the full course of treatment as prescribed.,If you miss a dose, take it as soon as possible. Do not take a double dose to make up for the missed one.,Do not take with other antibiotics or antacids.,Consult your doctor if you have a history of allergic reactions to antibiotics.,"""This medicine helped me recover from my urinary tract infection. I felt better within a few days."" - Maria","","","""
Atorvastatin,Ranbaxy,Atorvastatin 10mg,Strip of 10 tablets,120,Store in a cool and dry place,Atorvastatin is a statin that lowers cholesterol and triglyceride levels in the blood.,Used for the prevention of heart disease and stroke in patients with high cholesterol.,Muscle pain, liver problems, and allergic reactions are possible side effects.,Take 1 tablet every day at the same time.,Atorvastatin works by blocking an enzyme that is responsible for producing cholesterol in the liver.,Do not exceed the recommended dose. Avoid taking with grapefruit juice.,If you miss a dose, take it as soon as possible. Do not take a double dose to make up for the missed one.,Do not take with other statins or fibrates.,Consult your doctor if you have liver problems or are pregnant.,"""This medicine helped me lower my cholesterol levels and reduce my risk of heart disease. I feel much better now."" - Michael","","","""
Omeprazole,AstraZeneca,Omeprazole 20mg,Capsule of 10 capsules, 60,Store in a cool and dry place,Omeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) that reduces the amount of acid produced in the stomach.,Used for the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and stomach ulcers.,Nausea, diarrhea, and allergic reactions are possible side effects.,Take 1 capsule every day before a meal.,Omeprazole works by blocking the proton pump that produces acid in the stomach.,Do not exceed the recommended dose. Avoid taking with other PPIs or antacids.,If you miss a dose, take it as soon as possible. Do not take a double dose to make up for the missed one.,Do not take with other medications that interact with omeprazole.,Consult your doctor if you have liver problems or are pregnant.,"""This medicine helped me relieve my stomach pain and acidity. I feel much better now."" - Elizabeth","","","""
Levothyroxine,Abbott,Levothyroxine 50mcg,Strip of 10 tablets,40,Store in a cool and dry place,Levothyroxine is a thyroid hormone replacement therapy that treats hypothyroidism.,Used for the treatment of underactive thyroid gland.,Nausea, headache, and allergic reactions are possible side effects.,Take 1 tablet every day at the same time.,Levothyroxine works by replacing the thyroid hormone that is lacking in the body.,Do not exceed the recommended dose. Avoid taking with iron supplements or calcium supplements.,If you miss a dose, take it as soon as possible. Do not take a double dose to make up for the missed one.,Do not take with other thyroid medications or antacids.,Consult your doctor if you have heart problems or are pregnant.,"""This medicine helped me relieve my fatigue and weight gain. I feel more energetic now."" - Robert","","","""
Lorazepam,Baxter,Lorazepam 1mg,Strip of 10 tablets,30,Store in a cool and dry place,Lorazepam is a benzodiazepine that treats anxiety disorders and insomnia.,Used for the treatment of anxiety disorders and insomnia.,Drowsiness, confusion, and allergic reactions are possible side effects.,Take 1 tablet every day at bedtime.,Lorazepam works by enhancing the effects of a neurotransmitter in the brain that produces a calming effect.,Do not exceed the recommended dose. Avoid taking with alcohol or other CNS depressants.,If you miss a dose, take it as soon as possible. Do not take a double dose to make up for the missed one.,Do not take with other benzodiazepines