medicineName,manufacturer,saltComposition,packaging,price,storage,overview,usesBenefits,sideEffects,howToUse,drugWorks,safetyAdvice,missedDose,quickTips,interactionDrugs,patientConcerns
Aspirin,Bayer,Aspirin 75mg,30 Tablets,8.50,Store in a cool, dry place,Aspirin is a pain reliever and fever reducer that works by blocking the production of certain chemicals in the body that cause pain and inflammation.,It is used to treat mild to moderate pain, fever, and inflammation associated with conditions such as headaches, menstrual cramps, toothaches, arthritis, and back pain.,Some common side effects of Aspirin include nausea, vomiting, stomach pain, and skin rash. Serious side effects may include stomach bleeding or allergic reactions.,Take Aspirin as directed by your doctor or follow the instructions on the label. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,Aspirin works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, which are chemicals in the body that cause pain and inflammation.,Before taking Aspirin, inform your doctor if you have any heart or kidney disease, or if you are pregnant or breastfeeding. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,If you miss a dose of Aspirin, take it as soon as you remember. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and take the medicine at your next regularly scheduled time.,Drink plenty of fluids while taking Aspirin to avoid dehydration. Do not drink alcohol while taking this medicine.,Inform your doctor about all the medicines you are currently taking, including prescription, over-the-counter, vitamins, and herbal supplements. Some drugs may interact with Aspirin and cause side effects.,If you experience any severe side effects such as difficulty breathing, swelling of the face, lips, tongue, or throat, seek medical attention immediately.
Paracetamol,Abbott,Paracetamol 500mg,10 Tablets,10.50,Store in a cool, dry place,Paracetamol is a pain reliever and fever reducer that works by blocking the production of certain chemicals in the body that cause pain and fever.,It is used to treat mild to moderate pain, fever, and inflammation associated with conditions such as headaches, menstrual cramps, toothaches, colds, and flu.,Some common side effects of Paracetamol include nausea, vomiting, stomach pain, and skin rash. Serious side effects may include liver damage or allergic reactions.,Take Paracetamol as directed by your doctor or follow the instructions on the label. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,Paracetamol works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, which are chemicals in the body that cause pain and inflammation.,Before taking Paracetamol, inform your doctor if you have any liver or kidney disease, or if you are pregnant or breastfeeding. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,If you miss a dose of Paracetamol, take it as soon as you remember. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and take the medicine at your next regularly scheduled time.,Drink plenty of fluids while taking Paracetamol to avoid dehydration. Do not drink alcohol while taking this medicine.,Inform your doctor about all the medicines you are currently taking, including prescription, over-the-counter, vitamins, and herbal supplements. Some drugs may interact with Paracetamol and cause side effects.,If you experience any severe side effects such as difficulty breathing, swelling of the face, lips, tongue, or throat, seek medical attention immediately.
Amoxicillin,GSK,Amoxicillin 500mg,20 Capsules,20.00,Store in a cool, dry place,Amoxicillin is an antibiotic medication that is used to treat bacterial infections in the body.,It is used to treat various types of infections such as pneumonia, bronchitis, ear infections, urinary tract infections, and skin infections.,Some common side effects of Amoxicillin include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and skin rash. Serious side effects may include allergic reactions or liver damage.,Take Amoxicillin as directed by your doctor or follow the instructions on the label. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,Amoxicillin works by inhibiting the growth of bacteria in the body.,Before taking Amoxicillin, inform your doctor if you have any allergies or kidney disease. Do not take Amoxicillin if you are allergic to penicillin or cephalosporins.,If you miss a dose of Amoxicillin, take it as soon as you remember. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and take the medicine at yournext regularly scheduled time. Do not take a double dose to make up for a missed one.,Take Amoxicillin with a full glass of water and with or without food. Drink plenty of fluids while taking this medicine.,Inform your doctor about all the medicines you are currently taking, including prescription, over-the-counter, vitamins, and herbal supplements. Some drugs may interact with Amoxicillin and cause side effects.,If you experience any severe side effects such as difficulty breathing, swelling of the face, lips, tongue, or throat, seek medical attention immediately.
Zinetac 150mg Tablet,Glaxo SmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd,Ranitidine (150mg),1 strip 15 tablets,22.00,Store below 30°C,"Zinetac 150mg Tablet is a medicine that reduces the amount of acid your stomach makes. It is used to treat and prevent heartburn, indigestion, and other symptoms caused by too much acid in the stomach. It is also used to treat and prevent stomach ulcers, reflux disease, and some rarer conditions.
 
 Zinetac 150mg Tablet is also commonly prescribed to prevent stomach ulcers and heartburn seen with the use of painkillers. The medicine must be taken in dose and duration as prescribed by the doctor. How much you need, and how often you take it, will depend on what you are being treated for. Follow the advice of your doctor. This medicine should relieve indigestion and heartburn within a few hours and you may only need to take it for a short time when you have symptoms. If you are taking it to prevent ulcers and other conditions you may need to take it for longer. You should keep taking it regularly to prevent problems from happening in the future. You may be able to help improve your symptoms by eating smaller meals more often and avoiding spicy or fatty foods.
 
 Most people who take it do not have any side effects but the most common include headache, constipation, feeling drowsy or tired, and diarrhea. If you do get a side effect, it is usually mild and will go away when you stop taking this medicine or as you adjust to it. Consult your doctor if any of these side effects bother you or do not go away.
 
 Before taking it, you should tell your doctor if you have any kidney or liver problems. This may affect the dose or suitability of this medicine. Also tell your doctor what other medicines you are taking as some may affect, or be affected by, this medicine. This medicine is usually considered safe to take during pregnancy and breastfeeding if it has been prescribed by a doctor. Avoid drinking alcohol as this can increase the amount of acid in your stomach and make your symptoms worse."
 ,"In Treatment of Gastroesophageal reflux disease (Acid reflux)
 Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) is a chronic condition. It happens because a muscle above your stomach relaxes too much and allows stomach contents to come back up into your esophagus and mouth. Zinetac 150mg Tablet belongs to a group of medicines called H2-receptor antagonists. It reduces the amount of acid your stomach makes and relieves the pain associated with heartburn and acid reflux. You should take it exactly as it is prescribed for it to be effective.
 
 Some simple lifestyle changes can help stop or reduce heartburn. Think about what foods trigger heartburn and try to avoid them; eat smaller more frequent meals; try to lose weight if you are overweight and try to find ways to relax. Do not eat within 3–4 hours of going to bed.
 
 In Treatment of Peptic ulcer disease
 Stomach ulcers are usually caused by non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) or Helicobacter pylori bacteria. They both break down the stomach’s defense against the acid it produces to digest food. This damaged the stomach and allows an ulcer to form. Zinetac 150mg Tablet may be used to treat these ulcers. It reduces the amount of acid your stomach makes, preventing further damage to the ulcer as it heals naturally. You may be given other medicines depending on what caused the ulcer. You need to keep taking the medicine as it is prescribed for it to be effective, even if the symptoms seem to disappear. It may also be prescribed to prevent stomach ulcers from forming by"
 ,"Most side effects do not require any medical attention and disappear as your body adjusts to the medicine. Consult your doctor if they persist or if you’re worried about them
 
 Common side effects of Zinetac
 Headache
 Diarrhea
 Gastrointestinal disturbance"
 ,Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it. Zinetac 150mg Tablet may be taken with or without food, but it is better to take it at a fixed time.
 ,Zinetac 150mg Tablet is a histamine H2 receptor blocker that reduces the amount of acid made in the stomach. It relieves acid-related indigestion and heartburn.
 ,"Alcohol [UNSAFE]
 It is unsafe to consume alcohol with Zinetac 150mg Tablet.
 
 Pregnancy [SAFE IF PRESCRIBED]
 Zinetac 150mg Tablet is generally considered safe to use during pregnancy. Animal studies have shown low or no adverse effects to the developing baby; however, there are limited human studies.
 
 Breast feeding [SAFE IF PRESCRIBED]
 Zinetac 150mg Tablet is probably safe to use during breastfeeding. Limited human data suggests that the drug does not represent any significant risk to the baby.
 
 Driving [SAFE]
 Zinetac 150mg Tablet does not usually affect your ability to drive.
 
 Kidney [CAUTION]
 Zinetac 150mg Tablet should be used with caution in patients with kidney disease. Dose adjustment of Zinetac 150mg Tablet may be needed. Please consult your doctor.
 
 Liver [CAUTION]
 Zinetac 150mg Tablet should be used with caution in patients with liver disease. Dose adjustment of Zinetac 150mg Tablet may be needed. Please consult your doctor."
 ,If you miss a dose of Zinetac 150mg Tablet, take it as soon as possible. However, if it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule. Do not double the dose.
 ,"If you are also taking other medications to treat acidity (e.g., antacid), take them 2 hours before or after taking Zinetac 150mg Tablet.
 Avoid taking soft drinks, citrus fruits like orange and lemon, which can irritate the stomach and increase acid secretion.
 Inform your doctor if you do not feel better after taking Zinetac 150mg Tablet for 2 weeks as you may be suffering from some other problems.
 Inform your doctor if you have ever been diagnosed with kidney disease as dose of your medicine may need to be adjusted.
 Do not stop taking the medication without talking to your doctor. "
 ,NA.