medicineName,manufacturer,saltComposition,packaging,price,storage,overview,usesBenefits,sideEffects,howToUse,drugWorks,safetyAdvice,missedDose,quickTips,interactionDrugs,patientConcerns
Aspirin,Bayer,Aspirin 75mg,30 Tablets,8.50,Store in a cool, dry place,Aspirin is a pain reliever and fever reducer that works by blocking the production of certain chemicals in the body that cause pain and inflammation.,It is used to treat mild to moderate pain, fever, and inflammation associated with conditions such as headaches, menstrual cramps, toothaches, arthritis, and back pain.,Some common side effects of Aspirin include nausea, vomiting, stomach pain, and skin rash. Serious side effects may include stomach bleeding or allergic reactions.,Take Aspirin as directed by your doctor or follow the instructions on the label. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,Aspirin works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, which are chemicals in the body that cause pain and inflammation.,Before taking Aspirin, inform your doctor if you have any heart or kidney disease, or if you are pregnant or breastfeeding. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,If you miss a dose of Aspirin, take it as soon as you remember. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and take the medicine at your next regularly scheduled time.,Drink plenty of fluids while taking Aspirin to avoid dehydration. Do not drink alcohol while taking this medicine.,Inform your doctor about all the medicines you are currently taking, including prescription, over-the-counter, vitamins, and herbal supplements. Some drugs may interact with Aspirin and cause side effects.,If you experience any severe side effects such as difficulty breathing, swelling of the face, lips, tongue, or throat, seek medical attention immediately.
Paracetamol,Abbott,Paracetamol 500mg,10 Tablets,10.50,Store in a cool, dry place,Paracetamol is a pain reliever and fever reducer that works by blocking the production of certain chemicals in the body that cause pain and fever.,It is used to treat mild to moderate pain, fever, and inflammation associated with conditions such as headaches, menstrual cramps, toothaches, colds, and flu.,Some common side effects of Paracetamol include nausea, vomiting, stomach pain, and skin rash. Serious side effects may include liver damage or allergic reactions.,Take Paracetamol as directed by your doctor or follow the instructions on the label. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,Paracetamol works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, which are chemicals in the body that cause pain and inflammation.,Before taking Paracetamol, inform your doctor if you have any liver or kidney disease, or if you are pregnant or breastfeeding. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,If you miss a dose of Paracetamol, take it as soon as you remember. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and take the medicine at your next regularly scheduled time.,Drink plenty of fluids while taking Paracetamol to avoid dehydration. Do not drink alcohol while taking this medicine.,Inform your doctor about all the medicines you are currently taking, including prescription, over-the-counter, vitamins, and herbal supplements. Some drugs may interact with Paracetamol and cause side effects.,If you experience any severe side effects such as difficulty breathing, swelling of the face, lips, tongue, or throat, seek medical attention immediately.
Amoxicillin,GSK,Amoxicillin 500mg,20 Capsules,20.00,Store in a cool, dry place,Amoxicillin is an antibiotic medication that is used to treat bacterial infections in the body.,It is used to treat various types of infections such as pneumonia, bronchitis, ear infections, urinary tract infections, and skin infections.,Some common side effects of Amoxicillin include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and skin rash. Serious side effects may include allergic reactions or liver damage.,Take Amoxicillin as directed by your doctor or follow the instructions on the label. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,Amoxicillin works by inhibiting the growth of bacteria in the body.,Before taking Amoxicillin, inform your doctor if you have any allergies or kidney disease. Do not take Amoxicillin if you are allergic to penicillin or cephalosporins.,If you miss a dose of Amoxicillin, take it as soon as you remember. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and take the medicine at yournext regularly scheduled time. Do not take a double dose to make up for a missed one.,Take Amoxicillin with a full glass of water and with or without food. Drink plenty of fluids while taking this medicine.,Inform your doctor about all the medicines you are currently taking, including prescription, over-the-counter, vitamins, and herbal supplements. Some drugs may interact with Amoxicillin and cause side effects.,If you experience any severe side effects such as difficulty breathing, swelling of the face, lips, tongue, or throat, seek medical attention immediately.