medicineName,manufacturer,saltComposition,packaging,price,storage,overview,usesBenefits,sideEffects,howToUse,drugWorks,safetyAdvice,missedDose,quickTips,interactionDrugs,patientConcerns
Paracetamol,Abbott,Paracetamol 500mg,10 Tablets,10.50,Store in a cool, dry place,Paracetamol is a pain reliever and fever reducer. It works by blocking the production of certain chemicals in the body that cause pain and fever.,It is used to treat mild to moderate pain, fever, and inflammation associated with conditions such as headaches, menstrual cramps, toothaches, colds, and flu.,Some common side effects of Paracetamol include nausea, vomiting, stomach pain, and skin rash. Serious side effects may include liver damage or allergic reactions.,Take Paracetamol as directed by your doctor or follow the instructions on the label. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,Paracetamol works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, which are chemicals in the body that cause pain and inflammation.,Before taking Paracetamol, inform your doctor if you have any liver or kidney disease, or if you are pregnant or breastfeeding. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,If you miss a dose of Paracetamol, take it as soon as you remember. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and take the medicine at your next regularly scheduled time.,Drink plenty of fluids while taking Paracetamol to avoid dehydration. Do not drink alcohol while taking this medicine.,Inform your doctor about all the medicines you are currently taking, including prescription, over-the-counter, vitamins, and herbal supplements. Some drugs may interact with Paracetamol and cause side effects.,If you experience any severe side effects such as difficulty breathing, swelling of the face, lips, tongue, or throat, seek medical attention immediately.
Ibuprofen,Pfizer,Ibuprofen 400mg,20 Tablets,15.00,Store in a cool, dry place,Ibuprofen is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that works by reducing inflammation and pain in the body. It is used to treat mild to moderate pain, fever, and inflammation associated with conditions such as headaches, menstrual cramps, toothaches, arthritis, and back pain.,It is used to treat mild to moderate pain, fever, and inflammation associated with conditions such as headaches, menstrual cramps, toothaches, arthritis, and back pain.,Some common side effects of Ibuprofen include nausea, vomiting, stomach pain, and dizziness. Serious side effects may include stomach bleeding or allergic reactions.,Take Ibuprofen as directed by your doctor or follow the instructions on the label. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,Ibuprofen works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, which are chemicals in the body that cause pain and inflammation.,Before taking Ibuprofen, inform your doctor if you have any heart or kidney disease, or if you are pregnant or breastfeeding. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,If you miss a dose of Ibuprofen, take it as soon as you remember. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and take the medicine at your next regularly scheduled time.,Do not take Ibuprofen with alcohol or other NSAIDs. Inform your doctor about all the medicines you are currently taking, including prescription, over-the-counter, vitamins, and herbal supplements.,If you experience any severe side effects such as difficulty breathing, swelling of the face, lips, tongue, or throat, seek medical attention immediately.