medicineName,manufacturer,saltComposition,packaging,price,storage,overview,usesBenefits,sideEffects,howToUse,drugWorks,safetyAdvice,missedDose,quickTips,interactionDrugs,patientConcerns
Ibuprofen,Advil,Ibuprofen 200mg,24 Tablets,6.50,Store in a cool, dry place,Ibuprofen is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that works by blocking the production of certain chemicals in the body that cause pain, fever, and inflammation.,It is used to treat mild to moderate pain, fever, and inflammation associated with conditions such as headaches, menstrual cramps, toothaches, arthritis, and back pain.,Some common side effects of Ibuprofen include nausea, vomiting, stomach pain, and dizziness. Serious side effects may include stomach bleeding or allergic reactions.,Take Ibuprofen as directed by your doctor or follow the instructions on the label. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,Ibuprofen works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, which are chemicals in the body that cause pain and inflammation.,Before taking Ibuprofen, inform your doctor if you have any heart or kidney disease, high blood pressure, or if you are pregnant or breastfeeding. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,If you miss a dose of Ibuprofen, take it as soon as you remember. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and take the medicine at your next regularly scheduled time.,Drink plenty of fluids while taking Ibuprofen to avoid dehydration. Do not drink alcohol while taking this medicine.,Inform your doctor about all the medicines you are currently taking, including prescription, over-the-counter, vitamins, and herbal supplements. Some drugs may interact with Ibuprofen and cause side effects.,If you experience any severe side effects such as difficulty breathing, swelling of the face, lips, tongue, or throat, seek medical attention immediately.
Loratadine,Claritin,Loratadine 10mg,30 Tablets,14.99,Store in a cool, dry place,Loratadine is an antihistamine medication that is used to treat allergies such as hay fever, hives, and itching.,It works by blocking the action of histamine, a chemical produced by the body in response to allergens.,Some common side effects of Loratadine include headache, dry mouth, and drowsiness. Serious side effects are rare.,Take Loratadine as directed by your doctor or follow the instructions on the label. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,Loratadine works by blocking the action of histamine, a chemical produced by the body in response to allergens.,Before taking Loratadine, inform your doctor if you have any liver or kidney disease, or if you are pregnant or breastfeeding. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,If you miss a dose of Loratadine, take it as soon as you remember. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and take the medicine at your next regularly scheduled time.,Drink plenty of fluids while taking Loratadine to avoid dehydration. Do not drink alcohol while taking this medicine.,Inform your doctor about all the medicines you are currently taking, including prescription, over-the-counter, vitamins, and herbal supplements. Some drugs may interact with Loratadine and cause side effects.,If you experience any severe side effects such as difficulty breathing, swelling of the face, lips, tongue, or throat, seek medical attention immediately.
Omeprazole,Prilosec,Omeprazole 20mg,14 Capsules,10.00,Store in a cool, dry place,Omeprazole is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) that is used to reduce the amount of acid produced in the stomach.,It is used to treat conditions such as gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), peptic ulcer disease, and Zollinger-Ellison syndrome.,Some common side effects of Omeprazole include headache, stomach pain, and nausea. Serious side effects may include severe stomach pain, diarrhea, or vomiting.,Take Omeprazole as directed by your doctor or follow the instructions on the label. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,Omeprazole works by reducing the amount of acid produced in the stomach.,Before taking Omeprazole, inform your doctor if you have any liver disease or are allergic to any medications. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,If you miss a dose of Omeprazole, take it as soon as you remember. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and take the medicine at your next regularly scheduled time.,Take Omeprazole before a meal, preferably in the morning. Do not crush, chew, or break the capsule. Swallow it whole.,Inform your doctorabout all the medicines you are currently taking, including prescription, over-the-counter, vitamins, and herbal supplements. Some drugs may interact with Omeprazole and cause side effects.,If you experience any severe side effects such as difficulty breathing, swelling of the face, lips, tongue, or throat, seek medical attention immediately.
Metformin,Glucophage,Metformin 500mg,60 Tablets,12.99,Store in a cool, dry place,Metformin is an oral diabetes medication that is used to control blood sugar levels in people with type 2 diabetes.,It works by decreasing the amount of glucose produced by the liver and increasing the body's sensitivity to insulin.,Some common side effects of Metformin include nausea, diarrhea, and stomach upset. Serious side effects may include lactic acidosis, a rare but potentially life-threatening condition.,Take Metformin as directed by your doctor or follow the instructions on the label. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,Metformin works by decreasing the amount of glucose produced by the liver and increasing the body's sensitivity to insulin.,Before taking Metformin, inform your doctor if you have any liver or kidney disease, or if you are pregnant or breastfeeding. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,If you miss a dose of Metformin, take it as soon as you remember. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and take the medicine at your next regularly scheduled time.,Take Metformin with meals to reduce the risk of stomach upset. Do not crush, chew, or break the tablet. Swallow it whole.,Inform your doctor about all the medicines you are currently taking, including prescription, over-the-counter, vitamins, and herbal supplements. Some drugs may interact with Metformin and cause side effects.,If you experience any severe side effects such as difficulty breathing, swelling of the face, lips, tongue, or throat, seek medical attention immediately.
Simvastatin,Zocor,Simvastatin 20mg,30 Tablets,16.50,Store in a cool, dry place,Simvastatin is a medication used to lower cholesterol levels and reduce the risk of heart disease and stroke.,It works by blocking the production of cholesterol in the liver.,Some common side effects of Simvastatin include headache, muscle pain, and nausea. Serious side effects may include liver damage or muscle breakdown.,Take Simvastatin as directed by your doctor or follow the instructions on the label. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,Simvastatin works by blocking the production of cholesterol in the liver.,Before taking Simvastatin, inform your doctor if you have any liver or kidney disease, or if you are pregnant or breastfeeding. Do not take more than the recommended dose.,If you miss a dose of Simvastatin, take it as soon as you remember. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and take the medicine at your next regularly scheduled time.,Take Simvastatin at bedtime and with or without food. Do not crush, chew, or break the tablet. Swallow it whole.,Inform your doctor about all the medicines you are currently taking, including prescription, over-the-counter, vitamins, and herbal supplements. Some drugs may interact with Simvastatin and cause side effects.,If you experience any severe side effects such as difficulty breathing, swelling of the face, lips, tongue, or throat, seek medical attention immediately.